1. Project I:  Information flow
Description: a list of nodes determine to switch or not
if p > b/(a+b) 
whereas p: fraction of his friends use a specific project
b: the benefit of current product
a: the benefit of new prooduct

then if the specific nodes switch, the whole network will evolve several generations until
equilibrium reaches


2. Project II: broadcasting to a Twitter network
If we want to make an announcement which reaches everyone, how many people need to
announce it?
Problem: given a graph, find the smallest subset of vertices, S, such that every 
vertex not in S is adjacent to at least one vertex in S.
Minimum dominating set:
given a graph G=(V,E) find the smallest dominating set, where the dominating set, D,
is a subset of vertices such that every vertex not in D is adjacent to at least one
vertex in D.
It is a NP-hard problem.

greedy algorithm
1. mark all vertices as uncovered
2. initialize an empty dominant set
3. while there are uncovered vertices:
	a. find the vertex, v, which would cover the most uncovered vertices
	b. add v to the dominant set
	c. mark that vertex and all of its uncovered neihgbors as covered


3. Project III: detecting communities
Basic algorithm:
a. compute betweeness of all edges
	for each node v: O(V)
		1. BSF of graph starting at v  O(V+E)
		2. compute # shortest paths from v to each other node O(V+E)
		3. distribute flow to edges along these paths O(V+E)
b. remove edge(s) of highest betweenness
c. repeatuntil there are no more edges, or until have separated graph into desired 
number of components

the shortest part can be found vis BSF.


Anticipate risks:
1. will algorithm give correct answer?
	what does that mean?
2. will algorithm be practical for data set?
	approximation?
3. will algorithm terminate?
	simulation? equilibrium?


Project 1: may never reach equilibrium. the program never stops.
Project 2: it is NP-complete problem. there is no efficient algorithm. is it ok for us
	to have a sub-optimal solution?
Project 3: how we define community? is such structure a well-defined community in the 
	context of our project?

Anticipate risks:
1. class design
2. library function research
3. data structure
4. algorithm



Report:
I. Overview:
	This project investigates the communities within a social network. The first part of
the project will look at the relationships betweeen a user's friends (specifically, are they
all connected as friends too). In the second part, the goal will be to identify sub-
communities within a larger social network.
